“I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.” ― Frank Herbert, Dune

“Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.” ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Live the Life of Your Dreams: Be brave enough to live the life of your dreams according to your vision and purpose instead of the expectations and opinions of others.” ― Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart

“Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.” —Mark Twain

“It is only when we take chances that our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk we need to take is to become honest.” —Walter Anderson

“Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts.” —Winston Churchill

“It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.” —Herman Melville

“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” —Henry David Thoreau

“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” —Dale Carnegie

“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.” —Winston Churchill

“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.” —Unknown

“I’m a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.” —Thomas Jefferson

“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” —Paulo Coelho

“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” —Thomas Edison

“He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.” —Epictetus

“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.” —Dalai Lama

“Don't confuse straight arrows with honesty. Honesty means aligning your actions with your core, even if it requires ethical bending of the rules. Fat cats exploit this, a dark echo of true honesty. But don't be fooled, and don't fault honesty for setbacks! True success, the kind that brings fulfillment, comes from being honest with yourself and pursuing your goals with integrity. Align your actions and core values honestly, and you'll succeed.” —AI Sudin

“You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go." — Dr. Seuss

“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” —Aristotle

“It is never too late to be what you might have been.” —George Eliot

“If you risk nothing, then you risk everything.” —Geena Davis

“Definitions belong to the definers, not the defined.” —Toni Morrison

“To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people just exist.” —Oscar Wilde

“No matter how far away from yourself you may have strayed, there is always a path back. You already know who you are and how to fulfill your destiny.” — Oprah Winfrey

“Vitality shows not only in the ability to persist but in the ability to start over.” —F. Scott Fitzgerald

“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: It goes on.” —Robert Frost

“He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how.” –Friedrich Nietzsche

“All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence; then success is sure.” –Mark Twain

“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” –Albert Einstein

“Your problem is never really your problem. Your reaction to your problem is your problem.” -Unknown

“I think I've discovered the secret of life – you just hang around until you get used to it.” –Charles Schulz

“Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.” –George Bernard Shaw

“Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” –Robert Louis Stevenson

"If you cry because the sun has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the stars." —Rabindranath Tagore

“Our nature is obscured by work done by the compulsion of want or fear. The mother reveals herself in the service of her children, so our true freedom is not the freedom from action but freedom in action, which can only be attained in the work of love.” —Rabindranath Tagore

“Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark.” —Rabindranath Tagore

“Genuine tragedies in the world are not conflicts between right and wrong. They are conflicts between two rights.” —Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

“To be independent of public opinion is the first formal condition of achieving anything great.” — Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

“An idea is always a generalization, and generalization is a property of thinking. To generalize means to think.” — Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

“Only one man ever understood me, and he didn’t understand me.” —Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

“The learner always begins by finding fault, but the scholar sees the positive merit in everything.” —Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

“Mark this well, you proud men of action! you are, after all, nothing but unconscious instruments of the men of thought.” —Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel

“He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.” —Friedrich Nietzsche

“The snake which cannot cast its skin has to die. As well the minds which are prevented from changing their opinions; they cease to be mind.” —Friedrich Nietzsche

“Every deep thinker is more afraid of being understood than being misunderstood.” —Friedrich Nietzsche

“What is the truth, but a lie agreed upon.” —Friedrich Nietzsche

“Digressions, objections, delight in mockery, carefree mistrust are signs of health; everything unconditional belongs in pathology.” —Friedrich Nietzsche

“Creating. That is the great salvation from suffering.” —Friedrich Nietzsche

“That which does not kill us, makes us stronger.” —Friedrich Nietzsche

“To be is to do.” —Immanuel Kant

“In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of others. In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so.” —Immanuel Kant

“Today's real borders are not between nations, but between powerful and powerless, free and fettered, privileged and humiliated.” —Kofi Annan

“Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true.” —Aage Niels Bohr

“A physicist is just an atom's way of looking at itself.” —Aage Niels Bohr

“Despite theological differences, all great religions share common commitments that define our ideal secular relationships. I am convinced that Christians, Muslims, Buddhists, Hindus, Jews, and others can embrace each other in a common effort to alleviate human suffering and to espouse peace.” —Jimmy Carter

“It's okay to be scared, but fear is different. Fear is when we let being scared prevent us from doing what love requires of us.” —Mairead Corrigan Maquire

“Peace is a frame of mind - Peace is also a framework.” —Frederik Willem de Klerk

“Peace does not simply mean the absence of conflict.” —Frederik Willem de Klerk

“There is no religion that was founded on intolerance – and no religion that does not value the sanctity of human life.” —Mohamed ElBaradei

“What matters in life is not what happens to you but what you remember and how you remember it.” —Gabriel Garcia Márquez

“It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams.” —Gabriel Garcia Márquez

“Peace is not unity in similarity but unity in diversity, in the comparison and conciliation of differences.” —Mikhail Sergeyevich Gorbachev

“When we unite for a moral purpose that is manifestly good and true, the spiritual energy unleashed can transform us.” —Al Gore Jr.

“I have begun to think of life as a series of ripples widening out from an original center.” —Seamus Heaney

“All conflict is about difference, whether the difference is race, religion or nationality. Difference is of the essence of humanity.” —John Hume

“The answer to difference is to respect it.” —John Hume

“Belonging breeds differences” —AI Sudin

“The pursuit of belonging often fosters division. I consider myself a citizen of the world, devoid of labels, simply an interconnected being sharing this planet with all life, from the smallest insect to the grandest animal.” — AI Sudin

“If I ever found a place where I belonged, that in itself would be an identity crisis to me.” —Mitski

“In the egoic state, your sense of self, your identity, is derived from your thinking mind - in other words, what your mind tells you about yourself: the storyline of you, the memories, the expectations, all the thoughts that go through your head continuously and the emotions that reflect those thoughts. All those things make up your sense of self.” —Eckhart Tolle

“To be idle requires a strong sense of personal identity.” —Robert Louis Stevenson

“If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.” —Wayne Dyer

“Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.” —George Bernard Shaw

“I learned long ago, never to wrestle with a pig. You get dirty, and besides, the pig likes it.” —George Bernard Shaw
